elf
===

"elf" is a project for human being.
Everyone can join us.
We need you, human being need you!
It's a net, a super computer, a huge file system, a dictionary, a map, a cookbook, a doctor, a help system...
It's everything!
Everyone can find one application for oneself.
Every device(pc, phone, disk, sdcard...) will be a node in "elf" net.
It's a anonymous, crypted, distributed, packet-based network.
The network never be broken, packet will be transfered automatically by any possible device(wifi, bluetooth, 3G, satellite, disk, sdcard...).
Wifi/Bluetooth can connect some nodes temporarily, be a non-real-time local dynamic net. And info will be upload to the global net when node connected.
Wifi can connect neighbour nodes one by one(Device support this?), be a big local dynamic net. If a node connected global net, all nodes will connect the global net. 
Packets on disk, sdcard will be automatically upload to global net by software.
All codes should be published into public domain.
Anyone can implement this project.
Any protocol(http, ftp, emule...) can join 'elf' net, we only care the goals.
Node save file's url and description, the requester find the file from the node, download from another http server.

The goals:
  Hardware enviroment:
    We need a free, independent, fast net hardware enviroment.
    Can we use wifi? Or develop p2p/one-by-one hardware to implement it?
  Anonymous:
    Every node don't know passing packet's content and source, only know target.
    Source node location(ip...) must not appear at target peer, even source country.
    Random node/country should be a proxy for transfering a packet/session.
  Safe:
    Packet must be crypted by known method or unknown method(private session);
    File must be copied to many nodes/countries, any broken node/country won't broke the file.
    All data(Packet, file, file block...) must take verify code.
    Fake packet will be checked out.
    Can we design a method, a packet will be decrypt it after a time?
  Node identify:
    Peers known password can be used for identification and communication.
    Each session will left a dynamic password for next session. It will be used for identification and communication.
    Nodes can use NodeId:Password for session, password can be last session's dynamic one, or manual set known password.
  Strong messenger:
    A particular(maybe all) message/file will be sent to target，even net is broken.
    (packet->phone/laptop/sdcard->airplane/bus->global net)
    Ever node is a messenger, it will detect a packet if reached target. if not it will send it, retry and retry.
  Life Time:
    A packet will be droped by proxy node, if it's expired.
  Applications:
    Public(P2P) and Private(Office, Home, Personal...) net.
    Proxy: Pass my data to target node or site.
    Sharing(Files, Disk, CPU, GPU...).
    Talking/Meeting(Text, Video, Audio... ).
    Searching:
      What: What is ***?(Dictionary)
      Where: Where is ***?(Map/Location, hotel, restaurant, WC, bank, hospital...).
      Who: Who is ***?(Get me the person's info if it's in net(public/private net)
      How: How to cook? How to make tools?
      FullText: give me some articles, i'll find it my self.
    SOS: Help me! I'm in danger. Send to predefined nodes(family, friends, polices...), or every one who can help me.
